CONTRIBUTING: Add suggestion about passing pytest flags (#2738)
pybind/pybind11: tests/CMakeLists.txt

set(PYBIND11_TEST_FILTER
    ""
    CACHE STRING "Tests from ;-separated list of *.cpp files will be removed from all tests")
set(PYBIND11_PYTEST_FLAGS
    ""

>     CACHE STRING "Flags from ;-separatedlist to pass to pytest")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CACHE STRING "Flags from ;-separated list to pass to pytest")
```

Check with space separated list, I believe that works too.
